hi everybody welcome back to my channel
pita and today's video I'm going to be
doing my hole
first of all if you hear music in the
background that is my strength he is
watching ABC song I cannot leave him by
himself because one of my kids is
sleeping and I have to take him with me
here so that's what is going on I don't
really know why my face looks a lighter
in a camera then in real life it's the
same color why it is so light in the
camera oMG okay whatever
hey today's video clips on today's video
I'm going to be doing my Zara whole and
also wrong we call I only have two items
from wrong we got sent for free from
romwe only two items and from Zara 100%
my own money which um yeah I'm really
excited to show you but I want to say
this plenty more to all of you if you do
not like whole video please get out
because I got comments I got a lot of
comments about I am bragging like I am
showing all the things that I have well
no that's not true okay for me whole is
like helping other people to you know to
buy something because I'm going to give
you an example let me say I really like
a pair of sunglasses from ki Australia
okay
just seeing the picture from Kerala
website it's not enough for me I have to
go online whether it's on Google or on
YouTube to find what the frame looks
like in real people okay not the model I
want to hear what they think about the
items I want to hear you know the price
of the items and so on and so on so if
you if you think the whole video is
bragging or showing off please get it
okay because I have no time for the be
ul L and HIV both okay I don't have time
for that so yeah I'm going to give you
five seconds to leave oh you're still
here so I assume you like whole video so
anyway we gonna start from a Romney
purse because I already have two from
them and I'm going to try them on so you
guys can see how they look on my body
okay I'm going to get out from here
okay I really hope I'm in focus this is
the first one you guys this is a robot
this is the floral maxi dress the length
is perfect it's not super super long and
I really like the color I don't know if
you can really tell from the camera
because it looks like it is black in the
camera but in real life it is maybe like
dark navy blue is erections I really
like the pattern I also love the it is
so comfy
it has button right here and right here
and it also has buttons right down up to
here it's not going down just right here
it does not have flick on the edge I
don't want any age so it doesn't have
splits on the sides here it is just a
long straight skirt that make sense the
material is really nice very good
quality it's really cooling and I like
that the stitching are perfect I really
like everything about it it fits
perfectly on my body and I believe this
is $23.98 and I just in the size XS I
think it is perfect for summer rains
going out dinner whatever I remember
yesterday I watch one of my friend in
London she also has the same of the same
res so hey high-five
Bandini so yeah I really like this and
I'm looking forward to where this
actually so go ahead and see the second
one okay here I am with the second red
the same thing is a maxi dress however
this is longer than the first one this
one is basically cover your entire spit
okay and I love I love this but this
picture right here is amazing if you
have bigger breasts this will look
amazing it will like you know show your
boots a little bit the material of this
dress is amazing
very soft it's really high quality and
the price of this is $22.99 it's really
pretty
okay so it's Zara time before I show you
guys one by one I didn't buy everything
in one time I did pushes them in three
three three different times and the
first one and the second one was on sale
but the first purchase was 100 percent
or so okay I think I have to try this
pair again okay the first one that I
purchased from Zara was this Jenny
jacket and this is not from the women's
section this is oversized jacket for men
so this is the dining jacket looks like
as you can see it's really cool and I
bought this three months ago and you
know what I still have to check on and
the price was $79.90 I know it's pricey
but I just have to get this because I
didn't want to wait for this to go and
sell because I know at the time this
probably has sold out like I had a
feeling I had a feeling I had to
purchase this and guess what my feeling
was right this was not one sell because
it was sold out before the time they put
everything on cell phone hello in a
material you get
material is so nice it's so sweet really
high-quality and I'm going to show you
the back looks like that I really like
this denim jacket however can you see
something is wrong with this jacket the
side light here is too big maybe it's
meant to be for a guy with big muscles
I have no muscle so yeah it looks a
little bit weird but I love it
two pockets right on each side and then
to pocket on the chest for moving on to
the second purchase I actually bought a
lot but I have returned some of the
items I kept two of the items and they
are all shoes this is a pair of boots
and I believe the price of this was
somewhere between $39 this is perfectly
they are very comfy and you can settle
this with high-waisted jeans and white
top I also love that it is black it will
go with anything in my closet it's like
a pair of shoes that I decided to keep
is this Sandow okay let me see how much
this cost okay so this was $39.90 and I
keep this because I love the style and
they are so comfy
so so company however I do have
something to say about this I don't
really like the stitching I don't really
like how quality I'm not saying the
entire shoes are poor quality and saying
they're stitching right here look ugly
not really professional I love the color
these are the type of shoes that I
always always want in my closet so I
really like this beside this stitching
I'm okay that's why I'm keeping these
because of the
and how comfortable they are on my face
love these now we want to the third
purchase this is a fuchsia trenchcoat
this is what a fuchsia to news for me I
think this is more like Barbie pink
maybe I might expand on this bright
color especially pink this is great to
me do you think this is fuchsia or you
think this is pink
let me know in the comment section I
don't like this the quality is so poor
it's really thin considering the price
of this is more than 100 dollars but I
got it on sale so I guess I'm not
complaining about it but I'm gonna tell
you guys the price oh well very
surprised pony
okay this is the tag okay so I got this
on sale for 50 bucks
okay $49.99 oh just write it up $50 so
let me see the original price of this oh
no what is the original price well if
you're right here
salt is anyway as far as I remember the
real prize is 119 or $20 I don't like it
but I'm going to get closer to you guys
and show you the quality can you see the
quality it's really thin it also comes
with belt as you can see I got this in a
size XS it's not comfy I don't like it
the reason why I bought this is because
I like the color in their website okay
it's darker and I want to be able to
wear this you know with the time but
looks like the quality of this compared
to my talking playing trench coat the
Calvin Klein one is absolutely a winner
because it's fake it's comfy it
definitely protect me from the wind and
the cold man you know
saying before is not this is like a star
and the length is average okay if that
has pockets on each side okay so the
second one that I bought is this one
this cost $9.99 and I got in the car and
car a gap in the size L I believe the
original price is around fifteen or
sixteen dollars I'm not really sure but
this is what it looks like
let me just put this on okay looks like
that do you like it I don't I really
don't the material is very thin ain't
nobody got time for this okay you need
to be returned immediately the next one
that I don't like is this pair of pills
I love the color like a yellow mustard
color and I love the style I love this
troll opening in front i love the
shield' they are not spittle and not
super short I got three shoes from Zara
and they all the same size and this one
I don't know why don't fit me I doubt
this cost $30 I'm not gonna wear them so
by buying shoes by life they're almost
done I want to show you guys the first
one that I like from this purchase is
this ah this is actually a bodysuit so
let me say this step it out can you see
this again it's the body sir so this is
supposed to be like this okay I have to
do that like I have to connect them
together but for this video
anybody got time for that and with great
equipment inside mine yeah so the price
of this is $10 and I don't know if they
still have this in their website but
these comes with two different colors
I feel like it has breeders access to it
because it's shiny people I like it okay
this is the next one that I like this is
a blazer and blazer blazer blazer blazer
whatever I love this I love the color
now these comes with ten different
colors in jar screen and it also comes
with pink with any wedding a type of
thing
so I chose this one I really like that
even though this is XM this is not super
high I realized to wear tight blazer
because i wanna be able to move around
especially when I have kids I love to
hold my kids in my arms walk around and
I go you know to a church or whatever I
love the feeling I can basically I can
do whatever the way super comfortable
hands down
now the price let's move on to your eyes
I purchased this next 9000 $60 is 550
$59 and and then cents
so this will be $60 but the original
price is I think one hundred and fifty
nine dollars so yeah I like it big guys
like this it also has what let me tell
you this right here is metal pocket not
a pocket not a pocket and not a pocket
these right here are just design they
are useless I wish this were pocket who
the heck beside this if it were pocket I
could put my phone in here you know or
my hands in here
thank you baby thank you yeah that's the
only complaint I have about Zara Blazers
later whatever okay I love this one
this next one let's just take a deep
breath for me according to the local
code I love this this is amazing and the
price is the same
I think $59 per surprise can this please
see the price mainly same price 60 bucks
visiting the site s it's so comfy so
comfy the length is about my net my name
no no not my name
sewing is about so I really like this
however this is the same thing no
pockets which I hate but I love the
color I know I don't really like pink
color but this one is more like soft and
called it's not like BAM P and the back
looks like that as you can see right
here this is just a style it doesn't
have a hole where you can you know put
it all together and look like this no
it's just a style this is really high
quality I love the feeling I love I love
the smell this is the next one it is a
car top and I love this possible excuse
my family because I still have a lot of
stuff in there the material is amazing
it feels to me like a pillow and the
price of this is $15 very cheap that's
the sale price the original price is I
don't know like $20 something I really
like this I'm gonna rock this very very
soon and the back looks like that what
do you guys think do you guys like it I
do next one is this top and I'm not very
sure if I'm going to keep this or not I
really like the beat up here the phone
has to be cut and then the back it also
has the same part it's very comfy the
price of this is $7.00 which I don't
think it is expensive at all these
hello so I do really like this but for
some reason I think from different
angles it makes me a little bit sad
so my next purchase what a nice tactic
was this pair of shoes and I have
nothing to complain about this they are
very comfortable and first of all can
you see the color I love the mistyped
super color very very pretty and what's
going on and the price of these was
$35.99 the next pair of shoes that I
bought was this one so this one was
$35.99 and I love these because they are
so comfy oh my goodness I I just lucked
I feel like my voice is almost gone
sometimes if I turn on my air
conditioner I just really hate it
because every time it's on it's very
loud and it just makes me want to speak
to you guys
louder than the air conditioner so I
think that's it for today's video I
really hope you guys enjoy it thank you
so much for watching and I will talk to
you in my next video bye